Docs 9568 review concept and task topics esb (#104)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/file-name-pattern.adoc

= File Name Patterns for Send Endpoints

> Using property placeholders, Partner Manager enables you to configure the file name patterns for target files delivered to SFTP and AS2 send endpoints.

Reviewer: What is a "file name pattern"?
What is a "target file," as opposed to a "file delivered to...endpoint" (the endpoint being the target?)?
Does this mean that by using placeholders, you can configure a file name template that specifies properties and their order in that name?

Reviewer: Sorry...I guess all these questions really come under the CU banner and I should be sticking with style....

Author: Updated

> When file name pattern fields are configured with property placeholders (specified within `${ }`), Partner Manager dynamically populates the file name with updated information at runtime. Any file name property field that is _not_ specified within the placeholder is static and is not updated at runtime.

Reviewer: Avoid formatting to indicate emphasis. I think simply using "not" is enough.

Author: Done

|${sss} |Second: 46
|${timeInMillis} |Milliseconds: 345
|${ICN} |Interchange Control Number

> |${BusKey} |Primary Business Key value, for example: `PO12345`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|${BusKey} |Primary Business Key value, for example, `PO12345`
```

> |${formatTypeExt} a|Format of the file. Possible values include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|${formatTypeExt} a|File format, either JSON or X12
```
